# SoftwareDevelopmentTechniques_FinalProject
Technical Requirements In this assignment, you are required to use all knowledge obtained in the class, including:  Best practices of C# programming  Best practices of using .NET Assemblies and libraries created to separate the areas of code  Best practices of GUI development using WPF, including controls, events, bindings, etc.  Best practices of using binary and XML files  Using LINQ for working with you collections  Notes:  Using database functionality is not required because you will have class(es) on how to do it properly later in this program  Using UWP and Phone programming is not required (it was given to you in the context of your program)  Detailed Requirements GUI The GUI is expected to be presented in WPF. The project can have one window, which is divided into two sections: input section and “list” section  Input section must have:  Properly set up input controls, which may be text boxes and combo boxes (list boxes). All controls must be properly bound. For this project you may use data islands to bind data to lists (collections can be used too)  Proper buttons allowing to add, edit and delete the entries from the list in the other section  List section must have a grid view or data grid (your choice). The data grid must be updatable from the top section of the screen  C# The code must be properly written and commented. All data entities must be stored in their own classes (objects) and all necessary collections must be used. The collections must be generic in nature. You must decide which collections to use because of the GUI requirements.  The following requirements are mandatory:  No goto statements in any piece of code  No static classes and/or methods unless the use of them is properly justified  Saving/Retrieving Data You may want to use XML to store and retrieve your data. It is easier to read and verify. You can use serialization to XML as described in class.  Use of binary files and readers is acceptable as long as you have a proper robust mechanism of reading and writing into the file  To simplify your task, you do not need to modify the lists inside the file. Pulling the whole list and re-saving it will be sufficient
